# Crypto360-A_Blockchain_Based_Payment_Gateway
This application process the bitcoin payments for e-commerce websites.

## Overview:
This Application provides a web interface for E-merchants to create an account. After the account creation E-merchant has to
provide the xpubkey (extensible public key) and also generate an Api key.  
Now the E-merchant can use the services in 2 ways either use a woocomerce plugin or use api end points.  
In case of woocomerce plugin, After the plugin is installed and activated E-merchant has to place the merchant_id and
Api key in plugin settings.  
If E-merchant uses Api end points the merchant has to make a POST request with 7 parameters i.e  
invoiceId => Id of an invoice  
amount => Amount of order in fiat currency  
merchantId => E-merchant Id provided by crypto360  
currency => currency code of amount provided in fiat  
api_key => Api key generated by E-merchant to verify request  
user_email => Email of buyer so we can send payment confirmation email after payment completion  
callback_url => A url where we send the payment confirmation to E-merchant  
  
## Crypto360-woocomerce-plugin:
This folder contains the code of woocommerce plugin.

## crypto360-frontend:
This folder contains the code for frontend of website. It makes Post requests to the crypto360-backend through php curl library. crypto360-backend process the request and return the result in JSON format.
  
## crypto360-backend
This folder contains the code for backend of website. It is basically an api in node js.  
what you have to do?  
Go in to the folder open the mailer_config.js file and place your mailgun_username and mailgun_password.

## btc-api:
This folder contains the code for gateway. It is also an api in node js. It has a route name /address and when you make a POST request to this route. It simply fethes your xpukey and generates an address and also calculate the btc price. Return the address and btc-price. A prallel process is also running in which the api continuously make a request to insight explorer and check for the status of all the unpaid addresses.  
what you have to do?  
Go in to the folder open the mailer_config.js file and place your mailgun_username and mailgun_password.

## crypto360.sql:
This file is the database file. You just have to import this file.
The DB user for the project is "root" and password is "1234".
You can change the DB configuration in the following directories:
Go to crypto360-backend => db => dbQueries.js 
Go to btc-api => db => dbQueries.js 
